So far we have been talking about the three important stops as far as convolutional now Real Networks
are concerned.
So we have the convolutional operation we have pooling and we have flattening.
OK.
As far as convolution is concerned basically we have to use two matrices one the matrix representing
the image the second the matrix representing the kernel or the feature detector in order to find the
most relevant features on the given image.
And we just have to calculate something like this.
OK let's talk a bit more about feature detectors so feature detectors are represented as matrices and
how to detect the relevant features in a given image.
Of course there are lots of lots of feature detectors or caramelize such as the sharpened kernel.
Basically it makes the given image more sharp so increases the intensity of the actual pixels.
So this is why in the middle it has the value five which means that we are going to increase the pixel
intensity of the actual pixel.
And as we can see we have minus one of minus one of mine a small minus one which means that we are going
to reduce the pixel intensity of the neighbor pixels.
OK as far as the diagonal values are concerned they are all zeros.
But as you can see this is the result that we have the original image.
And after applying this can with these values it is going to be the result as you can see it is quite
sharp What about edge detection Carnel.
This is one of the most important and most widely used feature detectors this edge detection can detect
edges.
Sometimes this is how we can end up with relevant features.
So as we can see minus four which means that we decrease the pixel intensity of the actual pixel and
we do not change the pixel intensity of the neighboring pixels of course the diagonal values are set
to be zero again.
But as far as the known diagonal values are concerned we have 1 1 1 and 1 which means that we do not
change those big so intensities.
And this is how we can detect the edges sometimes the edges are quite relevant features.
So this is why we like edge detection kernel as far as convolutional in our own networks our concern.
Okay the next kernel is the kernel.
It is not that useful.
So we do not use this technique in convolutional now with all networks.
As you can see it is going to make our regional image more blurry.
So there's no point in applying this Karine-A because the most relevant information may be lost.
OK.
Every single candidate will use a specific feature of the image when using edge detector.
We assume the edges are important for example and the good question is how to decide what feature detector
to use.
And the answer is rather counter-intuitive.
We don't have to decide in advance what feature detector to use because convolutional now road network
uses many channels and during the training procedure it eventually selects the best possible.
So for example in the first iteration the convolutional now no network uses the sharpened kernel and
it is going to have some error term.
OK if the error is huge it means that the sharp end of kernel is not a gyud feature detector so its
going to use edge detection kernel.
So we just have to check the error or so the difference between the actual And the prediction made by
the now will not work if the error is small.
It means that the edge detection kernel is able to find the most relevant feature as any way.
We have to use another kernel such as blur kernel and so on.
So they are going to be lots of lots of kernels and now the network is going to choose the best possible
during the training procedure.
Thanks for watching.